# 4YP_Pluto

The impetus for this project was the current lack of physical implementation of spread-spectrum techniques for the purposes of covert communication. Direct-sequence spread-spectrum (DSSS) binary or quadrature phase-shift keyed (BPSK/QPSK) signals were sent between two Adalm-Pluto software-defiend radios (SDRs), controlled using MATLAB code that was adapted from MathWorks. A competent eavesdropper was also integrated into the program controlling the receiver. In addition to programs employing the Adalm-Pluto, code that simulates an AWGN channel (also adapted from Mathworks) is included in this repository. The final goal of this project was to test the performance limits of a competent eavesdropper in the real world.

This repository contains all the MATLAB code used to implement the SDR-based test bed. Files are organised according to their purpose. The master programs are stored in their own directory called "Run Programs". All the functions that where embedded into the master programs are stored in the "Functions" directory. All code is organised according to whether it was relevant to the transmitter (Alice), the intended receiver (Bob), or the eavesdropper (Willie). Functions are also categorised according to whether they were used for communicating between radios or plotting results. Although the majority of code only requires two radios, files including the name "Dumb Willie" do require a third radio. Throughout the code, comments have been inserted to guide the reader.
